we have a very special treat for you
tonight a legendary broadcaster who now
hosts what podcast fancy magazine calls
the greatest podcast of all time the
second season of the Ron Burgundy
podcast kicks off today stand-up comedy
debut please welcome Ron Burgundy
[Applause]
thank you please standing ovations get
out of town much the dirt much dessert
thank you please thank you how is uh how
is everyone tonight Jimmy Kimmel
everyone what are the Great's right
Jimmy Kimmel one of the best best in the
biz where's uh where's everyone from
tonight all over do ya do uh do we have
any folks from Glendale let's hear it
for Baldwin Hills yeah Rancho Cucamonga
Los Feliz yeah oh what's that area not
quite Echo Park but no you wouldn't you
wouldn't call it Hollywood it's a know
it's past Western what oh I know a ho ji
ho ego in the house no but I love
Southern California
transition transition how many of you
out there have watched pornography show
of hands no joke here just was just was
checking gotcha
I thought I was the only one but dating
is hard pretty hard out there dating
these these new apps they've got they've
got dating apps right and and they're
called dating apps and so I go on one of
these things and I I put in all my
information about me Ron Burgundy my
desires favorite bands activities the
whole biz and then I sit around and wait
and apparently there's only one woman
who's a exact match
she lives in Borneo and her name is
salaka
Kim Kara can't make this stuff up folks
cannot make this stuff up but I did I
made that up for your entertainment
what else what else what else is going
on technology yeah I don't hate
technology I went on ancestry.com you
know the one where they find out where
you're from and I I did I did the
pinprick and the urine sample and the
saliva test and turns out guess where
I'm from alcohol no no no no seriously
[Applause]
what else Buffalo Wild Wings they're not
buffalo they're not wild it's chicken
where my weed smokers at yeah I feel you
imagine Jack Nicholson and Jimmy Stewart
at the weed dispensary it would go
something like this
hey man I'm Jack Nicholson and me and my
friend Jimmy Stewart wanna get high man
we want to go see a Lakers game man
that's right
my name is Jimmy Stewart and I have a
starter that gets more mobile more
pronounced when we get we get high right
I can't do impressions folks I'm not
good it's hard it's hard I can't do it
I'm not very good not my forte I'm no
rich little
thanks hooks next we can catch me at the
San Antonio Pizza Hut not sure that you
stand-up comedy there but I'm a I'm
gonna give it a try
you've been a great audience thank you
so much
[Music]
[Applause]
choosing us to make your stand-up comedy
I must have done pretty well because you
invited me over that's right when you
have to wave over so what's going on
with your broadcasting internal ISM
career surely you're putting that on the
side while you do this well oh that's
real yeah it's real I feel like my mom's
putting me to sleep yeah well no I
it's the first time I've done stand-up
uh-huh I steal a lot of the joke but
that's what's great you can cherry-pick
yeah and the other comics they don't
care they don't know who is your
favorite stand-up collar mall Richard
Pryor uh-huh Sam chemist chemist and
yeah kidney kinnison Tippa daughter
I'll keep an eye on you dear
Oh Nanette she's a game tape season 2 of
the Ron Burgundy podcast right is
debuting this month are you changing
anything for this news we're doing some
big changes who are releasing a lot of
the podcasts and Braille oh who is your
dream guest for the podcast my dream
guests you have anyone on the on the
show is me thank you really yourself but
besides me he would be the Pope and the
love to get the Pope and then you're my
third oh really do I search your top
three
thank you so much I know you don't do
this much thank you nervous it's on iron
radio exclusively Ron Burgundy
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry